GameTextForPlayer.md (#302)
openmultiplayer/wiki: docs/scripting/functions/GameTextForPlayer.md

:::warning

Do note that the players may crash because of odd number of tilde (~) symbols used in the game text. Using color codes (e.g. ~r~) beyond the 255th character may crash the client.

> Also blankspace(" ") at end of passed string may result in faliure , ex: " Headshot " results in faliure , instead it should be " Headshot" or " Headshot_".

Reviewer: Spaces never come before punctuation. "Blank space" is two separate words. "Failure".
```suggestion

Also, a blank space at end of the string may result in faliure. For example: `"Headshot "` results in failure. Instead it should be `"Headshot"` or `"Headshot_"`.
```
